DOC-2181: add fix documentation for TINY-10133 to the 6.8 release notes. (#2958)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.8-release-notes.adoc

=== Removing an LI element containing a details element would incorrectly merge its content.
// #TINY-10133
Previously, when a caret was positioned at the start of a list item containing only one block element, pressing the Backspace key caused the block content to unwrap.

> As a consequence, the child details content was unwrapped and appended to the content of the previous list item. However, this action left the summary element without the required parent details element, and rendered it invalid.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This had the unintended consequence of detaching the child `details` element content and appending it to the content of the preceding list item. Unfortunately, this action left the `summary` element devoid of its requisite parent `details` element, rendering it structurally invalid.
```
